Expand C++ style guide (#3851)
rerun-io/rerun: CODE_STYLE.md

## C++

> For compatibility reasons we use C++11 (and nothing newer).

Reviewer: This is sadly very wrong. We use C++17 all over the place. We'll need to make a lot of changes to get to C++11 compatibility at this point

Reviewer: the most notable thing here isn't even stuff like std::optional, it is that we rely on the enhanced type deduction a lot

Author: oh no :(

Reviewer: it's kinda hard to avoid for us with arrow forcing c++17 compilation upon us

> We use `clang-format` to enforce most style choices (see [`.clang-format`](.clang-format)).

Reviewer: recent debacles make me thing we have to specify the exact version :(
At least _somewhere_. Doesn't look like clang-format file can specify a version

Reviewer: Maybe as a comment in the clang format file and refer to that?

Author: let's wait until pixi saves us from this hell

### Initialization

> Always use `const` unless you plan on mutating it.

Reviewer: We probably want to relax this for parameters: While correct and even useful, people usually frown upon `void foo(const int thing)`
(then again, who is to stop us? ;))

We use `const auto x = …` for declaration because that gives symmetric code for normal constructors and static constructors:

```C++
const auto foo = SomeClass{…};
const auto bar = SomeClass::new_xyzw(…);
```

> We use `{}` for constructors (`Foo{…}` instead of `Foo(…)`).

Reviewer: nit picky: For `constructor` or more generally for initialization? This also initializes structs in argument order 🤔. Also we can't be strict about this rule because it may choose a different overload if there's a std::initializer_list constructor present. Example I brought up on Slack yesterday:
```
auto vec_with_two_elements = std::vector<int>{3, 3};
auto vec_with_three_elements = std::vector<int>(3, 3);
```

### Misc

> We don't add `inline ` before class/struct methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't add `inline ` before class/struct member functions if they are inlined in the class/struct definition.
```
